---------   Welcome to General Knowledge Class   ---------
---------										 ---------
--------- 										 ---------
The United Nations (UN) is an intergovernmental organization to promote international co-operation. 
A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations, the organization was established 
on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict.


Electric charge is the physical property of matter that causes it to experience a force when placed in an electromagnetic field. 
There are two types of electric charges: positive and negative. 
Like charges repel and unlike attract. An object is negatively charged if it has an excess of electrons, 
and is otherwise positively charged or uncharged. 
The SI derived unit of electric charge is the coulomb (C).


The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is the principal judicial organ of the United Nations (UN). 
It was established in June 1945 by the Charter of the United Nations and began work in April 1946.
The seat of the Court is at the Peace Palace in The Hague (Netherlands). 
Of the six principal organs of the United Nations, 
it is the only one not located in New York (United States of America).

Membership of the United Nations Security Council is held by the five permanent members and ten elected, 
non-permanent members. Prior to 1966, there were six elected members, 
while the permanent members have in essence not changed since the creation of the United Nations in 1945, apart from the representation of China.

The rupiah (Rp) is the official currency of Indonesia. Issued and controlled by the Bank of Indonesia, 
the ISO 4217 currency code for the Indonesian rupiah is IDR. 
The name "rupiah" is derived from the Hindustani word rupiyaa (روپیہ, रुपया), 
ultimately from Sanskrit rupya (रूप्य; wrought silver).

The D-8 Organization for Economic Cooperation, also known as Developing-8, 
is an organization for development cooperation among the following countries: 
Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Turkey.


The EU has no official capital, and no plans to declare one, 
but Brussels hosts the official seats of the European Commission, 
Council of the European Union, and European Council, 
as well as a seat (officially the second seat but de 
facto the most important one) of the European Parliament.


The North Atlantic Treaty Organization, also called the North Atlantic Alliance, 
is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty 
which was signed on 4 April 1949. 
NATO's headquarters are located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium, 
where the Supreme Allied Commander also resides.

*** Fun Facts ***

The Longest wall in the world is about 	13,170.7 miles or 21,196.18 km long. The oldest university in the world is University of Bologna.