---------  Welcome to Intermediate Physics & Aviation Class   ---------
---------										 			  ---------
--------- 										 			  ---------

The Convention on International Civil Aviation, also known as the Chicago Convention, 
established the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), a specialized 
agency of the UN charged with coordinating and regulating international air travel. 
The Convention establishes rules of airspace, aircraft registration and safety, 
and details the rights of the signatories in relation to air travel. 
The Convention also exempts air fuels in transit from (double) taxation
The document was signed on December 7, 1944 in Chicago by 52 signatory states. 
It received the requisite 26th ratification on March 5, 1947 and went into effect 
on April 4, 1947, the same date that ICAO came into being.


Membership of the United Nations Security Council is held by the five permanent 
members and ten elected, non-permanent members. Prior to 1966, there were six 
elected members, while the permanent members have in essence not changed since 
the creation of the United Nations in 1945, apart from the representation of China.

All moving things have kinetic energy. It is energy possessed by an object due 
to its motion or movement. These include very large things, like planets, and 
very small ones, like atoms. The heavier a thing is, and the faster it moves, 
the more kinetic energy it has.

A capacitor is a passive two-terminal electrical component that stores electrical 
energy in an electric field.The effect of a capacitor is known as capacitance. 
While capacitance exists between any two electrical conductors of a circuit in 
sufficiently close proximity, a capacitor is specifically designed to provide 
and enhance this effect for a variety of practical applications by consideration 
of size, shape, and positioning of closely spaced conductors, and the intervening 
dielectric material.

The Airbus A380 is a double-deck, wide-body, four-engine jet airliner manufactured 
by European Union manufacturer Airbus. It is the world's largest passenger airliner, 
and the airports at which it operates have upgraded facilities to accommodate it. 
It was initially named Airbus A3XX and designed to challenge Boeing's monopoly 
in the large-aircraft market. 